# PFA - Trinamic v1

This is a repository for the development of an engine control firmware with a powerboard from the *CATIE*.

## Contacts

- *NAMec* Association: `namec.team@gmail.com`

- Referring teacher: `gregoire.passault@gmail.com`

## Initialize the repository

1. ``git clone git@github.com:wanchai290/enseirb-pfa-trinamic``

2. ``cd enseirb-pfa-trinamic/``

2. ``git submodule update --init --recursive``

The `robot/` folder is actually another *git repository*, used as a *submodule*.

## Resource

You will find the explanations of all our technical work in the `resource/` folder.

This folder contains:

1. `resource/schematics` which are *schematics* of the powerboard from the *CATIE*.

2. `resource/tmcl_ide_technical_report.pdf` which explains how to use the *TMCL-IDE*.

It explains also how the *TMC(4671) registers* should be initialized.

If you want to learn more about the *installation process*, you can check this repo:

`git clone git@github.com:damdam166/pfa-tmc-ide`.

3. `resource/odometry_technical_report.pdf`  which contains explanations about *odometry*.

## Odometry

The `odometry/` folder contains some functions to understand how the *odometry* could work.

To compile the *c* file, you just need to do:

```bash
cd odometry/
make clean all
```

## Robot

The `Robot/` folder is a *git submodule* referring to the **Mainboard Mbed OS Project** from `github.com/NAMeC-SSL`.

I suggest you to read the *README.md* file at `robot/README.md`.

## test_trinamic

The `test_trinamic/` folder contains some *tests* to verify that our code generated by *TMCL-IDE*, and refactored by us, is actually working.

It uses some functions from the *TMC-API*. If you want to learn more about it, just read the `test_trinamic/README.md` file.

### Credits

- **Thomas Wanchaï MENIER** as the *Team leader*.

- **Antoine VILLOTEAU** as the *SPI communication* expert.

- **Roland KIA** as the *Odometry* expert.

- **Victor Lucas ROSADA CANESIN** as the *TMCL-IDE* expert.

- **Mathieu FRANÇOIS** as the *mbed*, and *cinematic* expert.

- **Damien DELPY** for this beautiful *README* file.

If you want to contact the team, you can use this *email address*: `wanchai.menier@gmail.com`.

### EOF

